README.md, before:

# Horiseon Refactor

## Description

Provide a short description explaining the what, why, and how of your project. Use the following questions as a guide:

- What was your motivation?
- Why did you build this project? (Note: the answer is not "Because it was a homework assignment.")
- What problem does it solve?
- What did you learn?

## Table of Contents (Optional)

If your README is long, add a table of contents to make it easy for users to find what they need.

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

What are the steps required to install your project? Provide a step-by-step description of how to get the development environment running.

## Usage

Provide instructions and examples for use. Include screenshots as needed.

To add a screenshot, create an `assets/images` folder in your repository and upload your screenshot to it. Then, using the relative filepath, add it to your README using the following syntax:

    ```md
    ![alt text](assets/images/screenshot.png)
    ```

## Credits

List your collaborators, if any, with links to their GitHub profiles.

If you used any third-party assets that require attribution, list the creators with links to their primary web presence in this section.

If you followed tutorials, include links to those here as well.

## License

The last section of a high-quality README file is the license. This lets other developers know what they can and cannot do with your project. If you need help choosing a license, refer to [https://choosealicense.com/](https://choosealicense.com/).

---

🏆 The previous sections are the bare minimum, and your project will ultimately determine the content of this document. You might also want to consider adding the following sections.

## Badges

![badmath](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/lernantino/badmath)

Badges aren't necessary, per se, but they demonstrate street cred. Badges let other developers know that you know what you're doing. Check out the badges hosted by [shields.io](https://shields.io/). You may not understand what they all represent now, but you will in time.

## Features

If your project has a lot of features, list them here.

## How to Contribute

If you created an application or package and would like other developers to contribute it, you can include guidelines for how to do so. The [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/) is an industry standard, but you can always write your own if you'd prefer.

## Tests

Commit message:

Added the information onto the readme

README.md, after:

# Horiseon Refactor

## Description

Provide a short description explaining the what, why, and how of your project. Use the following questions as a guide:

-What was your motivation?

My motivation throughout doing this homework is me trying to learn code and get a job as a software engineer. Im really young, probably the youngest in the class. I'm 18 and ive always known I want to do something in business and I know learning how to code is going to give me a lot of opportunties afterwards. My plan is to find a job after the bootcamp and then I could eventually start my online businesses with the knowledge I carry from working in the industry and the knowlege this bootcamp is going to provide for me, to then take that with me to start my own business or company. Achieving that is what kept me motivated to finishing this assignment. 


- Why did you build this project? (Note: the answer is not "Because it was a homework assignment.") 

I refactored the code, deleted double coding, made it more organized, changed all the divs to semantic elements and accordingly changed the css. I also made sure all the links were working. I did this for better accessibility. 

- What problem does it solve?

All the links work. It's more organized.
- What did you learn?

Git add, commit, and push has been getting way easier and after doing this project I feel like the git add, commit, and push has stuck in my head and I'm comfortable navigating through folders within my terminal. For the most part I understand the things I do when I do them. Like now I know what the purpose of git adding, commiting a message, and pushing to github and why its so neccessary to push to github. 

## Table of Contents (Optional)

If your README is long, add a table of contents to make it easy for users to find what they need.

- [Installation][def]
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

What are the steps required to install your project? Provide a step-by-step description of how to get the development environment running.

The steps to installing the project are creating a repo, cloning the repository to your computer, then clone the actual project and copy and paste the starter code onto the repo you just created on you computer and then add commit inital starter code and push. Then you could go to your terminal and cd your way onto the repo you made with the code pasted into it and code . and change the code on there.

## Usage

Provide instructions and examples for use. Include screenshots as needed.

The website is very easy to navigate through. Look at the top of the page and you can see a navbar with the three main section of the website. Click on the links to nagivate to each section you wanted to read. 


## Credits

N/A

## License

MIT licence


---

🏆 The previous sections are the bare minimum, and your project will ultimately determine the content of this document. You might also want to consider adding the following sections.
